All right, so moving on now, we saw in the last video
that we were able to output the text hello world,
and you can see that down the bottom left hand corner.
I've got a little bit of a challenge for you here,
and the challenge is
to see whether you can modify this programme,
so that instead of it printing hello world,
it prints hello Tim,
or hello whatever your first name is.
So in other words,
you just change the output slightly.
So looking at the code on the screen,
how do you think you'd go about that?
Let's see if you can figure that out,
and get that to run.
So basically, make the change
and we click on the green arrow,
the green run icon to start the programme and test it out
to see whether it works.
So click pause on the video now,
so you can actually go away and try that.
When you're ready to come back and check on the solution
come back and restart the video
or replay it from where you left off
and we'll go through it together.
So pause the video now.
All right, so welcome back.
Hopefully you managed to make that first change.
So to make he change all we need to do,
come back here, delete the word world,
I'm going to press backspace there
and I'm going to put in the word,
or the text rather Tim,
so, Hello Tim.
And to be correct maybe,
correcting this might be hello comma, Tim.
Anything like that should be fine,
then of course to run it,
we just need to click on the run icon.
And there it is, there's the output "Hello, Tim".
All right so that's it,
our first programme is now complete,
congratulations if you managed to make that work.
And look even if you didn't,
if you got an error,
we'll start talking more about errors in videos coming up.
But if you got something like this,
if you got rid of that semi colon that you saw there,
if we actually click on that to run,
so you might of saw something like that.
Handy thing with with IntelliJ is that if you see an arrow
like this, it'll actually tell you off.
It will actually tell you something that makes sense,
it says that its expecting a semi colon.
You can double click that,
to go to the line,
so if I was on line three,
I double click this arrow up here,
that takes me to the right line.
Then I can put in the semi colon again,
to get rid of the error.
And if I run that again now,
we should find the output now appears without an error.
The other thing is if you miss anything like
the right parenthesis there,
noting that straight away IntelliJ
is telling me there is a problem.
You can also hover over that
and its actually giving me the game away,
and telling you there
that its looking for a right parenthesis.
So, its pretty good at picking up when there's errors,
lets delete a double quote there.
Now its underlined the whole thing in red,
the illegal line end in string literal,
now that doesn't probably make a lot of sense to you
but this text in double quotes,
is called a literal string.
So what it's saying,
IntelliJ is saying there that,
illegal line end in string literal,
it's not saying that you've got to start here with
double quote,
because that's how we defined the string literal.
We didn't add a trailing one.
So I'm adding that there now.
So that's some of the common errors that you'll get.
Noting that you'll see the error right away,
and if you don't happen to notice that and you go to run it
then IntelliJ will helpfully tell you,
there's an error down the bottom.
Again if you're on a different line number,
you can double click on an error like this
and it takes you to the spot where its found the error.
In this case we need to go to the end of that
and add a double quote again.
And away we go.
Run it.
And that's that error sorted.
All right so that's our first programme completed.
Well done,
lets now move on, to the next video.